Chief Complaint
Patient reports positive lab work for hepatitis C and expresses anxiety about the diagnosis.

History of Present Illness
The patient reports being surprised by the positive hepatitis C lab results, as he had not previously been told he had the condition. He states he used to party and even used intravenous drugs but has been clean for over fifteen years. The patient also reports having a beer here and there everyday and smoking one to two cigarettes per day. He mentions having a family history of high blood pressure and diabetes, and he himself reports having depression and diabetes. The patient reports experiencing left hand pain and a grade two out of six systolic ejection murmur was appreciated. He also reports his lungs are clear without wheezes, rales or rhonchi and his abdomen is soft with no hepatosplenomegaly.

Findings
Physical exam revealed a grade two out of six systolic ejection murmur was appreciated on lung auscultation. The patient's lungs were clear to auscultation. The patient's abdomen was soft with no hepatosplenomegaly. Examination findings included a regular rate and rhythm with no distress, and the skin was clear of jaundice. The patient's muscle exam was unremarkable.

Assessment
The patient has hepatitis C and is experiencing anxiety related to the diagnosis. He has a history of substance use and smoking, which increases his risk for liver disease. He also has a family history of hypertension and diabetes.

Plan
The doctor will have the nurse place the orders for a hepatitis C antibody test and a liver panel. Further blood work, including an HCV RNA and genotype test, will be ordered to confirm the diagnosis and assess the severity of liver disease. An ultrasound elastography with biopsy will be ordered to assess fibrosis. The doctor will schedule a follow-up appointment in three weeks to discuss the results and develop a treatment plan. The patient should follow up with his primary care physician for ongoing management of his hypertension and diabetes.
