S:
The patient reports a sore right foot, with intermittent swelling and tenderness. He reports a previous ankle injury twenty years ago that occasionally causes soreness. He also reports soreness in his other ankle and has had surgery on that ankle. He describes the initial foot injury as dropping a landscape brick on his foot, causing immediate pain and swelling. He rated his current pain as eleven out of ten. He reports numbness in the entire foot since the incident. He has been taking no medications for the pain.

O:
Physical exam reveals bruising on the bottom and top of the right foot. Swelling is present. Capillary refill is brisk. Dorsalis pedis pulse is strong and bounding. Neurovascular exam is intact. X-ray shows dorsal displacement of the base of the second metatarsal with a three millimeter separation of the first and second metatarsal bases and presence of bony fragments.

A:
The patient's right foot pain is due to a Lisfranc fracture. The x-ray findings indicate a dorsal displacement of the second metatarsal and separation of the first and second metatarsals. Given the bony fragments, surgery is likely indicated to restore proper alignment and prevent long-term complications such as arch loss, flatfoot, and arthritis. An MRI is ordered to assess ligament injuries.

P:
I will order an MRI to assess ligament injuries. I will perform outpatient surgery tomorrow to align the bones and ligaments. You will be discharged home that evening. You will be in a cast for six to eight weeks and will not be able to weight-bear on the foot. You will advance your ambulation gradually based on how you heal and tolerate the procedure. I will see you again in twenty-four hours post-procedure and then again in two weeks. I will schedule a follow-up appointment in two weeks. I will provide crutches for your use. S The patient reports a sore right foot, with intermittent swelling and tenderness. He reports a previous ankle injury twenty years ago that occasionally causes soreness. He also reports soreness in his other ankle and has had surgery on that ankle. He describes the initial foot injury as dropping a landscape brick on his foot, causing immediate pain and swelling. He rated his current pain as eleven out of ten. He reports numbness in the entire foot since the incident. He has been taking no medications for the pain. O Physical exam reveals bruising on the bottom and top of the right foot. Swelling is present. Capillary refill is brisk. Dorsalis pedis pulse is strong and bounding. Neurovascular exam is intact. X-ray shows dorsal displacement of the base of the second metatarsal with a three millimeter separation of the first and second metatarsal bases and presence of bony fragments. A The patient's right foot pain is due to a Lisfranc fracture. The x-ray findings indicate a dorsal displacement of the second metatarsal and separation of the first and second metatarsals. Given the bony fragments, surgery is likely indicated to restore proper alignment and prevent long-term complications such as arch loss, flatfoot, and arthritis. An MRI is ordered to assess ligament injuries. P
