Chief Complaint
Right big toe pain and redness.

History of Present Illness
The patient reports a two-week history of intermittent right big toe pain, which has become more severe and painful last week. He experienced significant pain and inability to walk at a trade show convention. The pain is described as throbbing, occasionally sharp, and worsens with movement or prolonged walking. He reports walking on his heel to avoid bending the toe. He has been taking ibuprofen twice daily with limited relief. He denies any recent injury or trauma. He reports feeling a bone spur and some grinding in the joint. The patient reports that the sheets bother the toe when he is in bed at night.

Findings
Examination reveals a large spur on the top of the right big toe joint and evidence of cartilage loss. The patient reports feeling bone spurs and a grinding sensation in the joint upon palpation and range of motion testing. The patient reports that the sheets bother the toe when he is in bed at night. The patient reports that the pain is exacerbated by pushing in on the joint and moving it back and forth. The patient reports feeling pain when the toe is flexed to 20 degrees of plantar flexion.

Assessment
The patient's symptoms and physical exam findings are consistent with hallux rigidus with significant cartilage loss and a large bony spur, resulting in arthritis of the right big toe joint.

Plan
We will initiate treatment with an orthotic insert for the patient's shoe and prescribe meloxicam for anti-inflammatory effects, to be taken once daily. We will schedule a follow-up appointment in two weeks to assess the patient's response to treatment. If significant improvement is not observed, we will discuss more invasive options, such as a joint injection or surgery to clean out the joint. We will also advise the patient to continue with his regular activities, including fishing, and to monitor for any worsening of symptoms or the onset of stomach upset. The patient should contact us if he experiences any heartburn or stomach pain.
