Chief Complaint
Follow-up for chronic congestive heart failure with diastolic dysfunction.

History of Present Illness
The patient reports a history of chronic congestive heart failure with diastolic dysfunction. BMP's have been 3,000 in March and up to 6,000 in April. She was increasingly dyspneic. She changed her furosemide and torsemide 20 milligrams by mouth daily to note, the patient is not currently on potassium supplement. Lisinopril has also been increased up to 10 milligrams daily in March. She reported being interested in having her right knee replaced this summer at East Metro. It was recommended that we work to control her cardiovascular status before surgery. She has lost about 3.5 pounds since March. She attributes some of this weight loss to the oxygentin she's been taking. Her urgency to use the bathroom has improved with the oxygentin. She had leg cramps the other day, but thought it might have been because she was cold and fell asleep with the ceiling fan on. She drank pickle juice and it went away right away. She finds it works better than trying to put some cream on her leg. She is currently taking iron supplement and reports that everything is good. She stopped taking another medication two weeks ago and has not had any problems since. She is currently taking prilosec and reports that it has been helpful. She is due for a colonoscopy. She reports that her husband's insurance may be running out and she would like to have the procedure done sooner, perhaps in the next 30 days. She also reports having some abdominal pain.

Findings
The patient's blood pressure is 130/80. Lung sounds are clear to auscultation bilaterally. No edema is noted. The patient's potassium is 3.9. The patient's creatinine is 0.7. The patient's BUN is 23. The patient's magnesium level is 1.7. The patient's A1C was 5.5 in March. The patient's blood sugar is 169 today. An EKG is being performed.

Assessment
The patient has chronic congestive heart failure with diastolic dysfunction. The patient has diabetes. The patient has a history of anemia.

Plan
Order an EKG. Recommend putting the patient on magnesium supplement twice a day. Schedule a follow-up appointment in four weeks if symptoms persist. Refer the patient to county surgical services for knee surgery. Arrange a colonoscopy within the next month. Continue current medications: torsemide 20mg daily and lisinopril 10mg daily. Schedule a follow-up appointment in two weeks to assess progress and adjust medications as needed.
