Chief Complaint
Follow up of chronic problems, including reflux, gout, and arthritis.

History of Present Illness
Anna is a 44-year-old female with a past medical history significant for arthritis, gout, and reflux. She presents today for follow up of her chronic problems. Anna reports that her arthritis is starting to get better, and she's been trying to move her body, doing pilates, lifting weights, and that's kind of helped her build up some muscle, so the joint pain is, has been going away. She reports that she's been having some problems with her right knee, and we sent you for physical therapy. So, she feels like she's able to walk a little bit further now, walking about a mile and a half a day. In terms of her gout, she reports that the medication helped it go down and go away, hopefully it doesn't come back. She's taking the allopurinol that I prescribed and reports no issues with that. Regarding her reflux, she states that she's started to make some dietary modifications, but unfortunately, she's still having some episodes and throwing up in the mornings, things like that. She reports vomiting in the morning. She also reports abdominal pain and feels bloated all the time. Her last bowel movement was two days ago, and it was normal. She denies any fever or chills. She reports no weight loss. She's been taking omeprazole and continues with dietary modifications. She reports no further flare ups. She's taking the allopurinol 100 milligrams, once a day.

Findings
Physical exam reveals no vital signs of distress. The patient's right knee shows a slight effusion and some pain to palpation and decreased range of motion. The abdominal exam reveals pain to the right upper quadrant with no rebound or guarding. The patient's heart and lungs are clear to auscultation. A right knee x-ray shows arthritis. An autoimmune panel was sent. The patient reports no issues with the medication.

Assessment
The patient's primary problems include gout, arthritis, and reflux. She is experiencing symptoms consistent with these conditions.

Plan
A right upper quadrant ultrasound is planned to rule out gallbladder disease. The patient should continue on omeprazole 40 milligrams, once a day and continue with dietary modifications. The patient should continue pilates. Dragon should order allopurinol 100 milligrams, once a day. Further imaging or intervention may be considered as needed.
