Chief Complaint
Right wrist pain following a fall.

History of Present Illness
The patient reports injury to his right wrist yesterday morning while walking up and down stairs. He slipped and attempted to catch himself, extending his arms outward. He describes immediate, sharp pain and significant swelling. He has applied ice and used an ice pack and an ACE wrap. He also took ibuprofen, which provided some relief but not complete resolution of the pain. He denies prior wrist injuries. He reports that the pain is exacerbated by movement and palpation of the wrist.

Findings
Physical examination reveals tenderness to palpation over the dorsum of the right wrist. There is significant swelling and ecchymosis. Range of motion is limited due to pain. Dorsal deviation is painful. Radial deviation is painful. Ulnar deviation is painful. There is evidence of bony crepitus. The patient reports mild right wrist tingling. Vital signs are notable for slightly elevated blood pressure, likely related to pain. Heart rate is 80 beats per minute. Respiratory rate is 20 breaths per minute. Temperature is 99.7°F. The patient's extremities are not swollen. The patient's pulses are palpable. The patient's fingernails are intact. The patient's metacarpals are intact. The patient's fingers are able to make a fist, though with some difficulty.

Assessment
Colles' fracture of the right wrist. Right wrist sprain.

Plan
We are going to provide a thumb spica brace for today. We will also prescribe fifty milligrams of ultram every six hours for pain management. We will arrange for physical therapy evaluation in approximately three weeks following the surgical consultation. We will schedule a follow-up appointment in six weeks to assess healing and adjust the treatment plan as needed. The patient should avoid activities that exacerbate the pain. The fracture appears extra-articular and usually proximal to the radial ulnar joint dorsal angulation of the distal fracture fragment is present to a variable degree if dorsal angulation is severe presenting with a dinner fork deformity ulnar styloid fracture is present.
