Chief Complaint
The patient reports worsening headaches over the past few months.

History of Present Illness
The patient reports fatigue for the past two months, with headaches located behind his eyes described as a dull nagging ache. The onset of headaches was approximately three months ago, and they have been progressively worsening over time, now rated 6/10 in severity and lasting a few hours. The patient reports no pain radiating and denies numbness or tingling. He denies being sick or feeling sick, and reports no fever or rash. He tried Tylenol a few times for the headaches but it didn't work, so he stopped. The patient reports he has no family history of diseases. He works as a computer programmer, is married for 25 years, and owns a small house. He denies alcohol, tobacco, or recreational drug use.

Findings
The patient is alert, oriented to time, place, and person, with appropriate affect and fluent speech. The cranial nerve examination is grossly intact. Visual acuity and eye movements are normal, with equal and reactive pupils. The visual field testing reveals bitemporal hemianopia. The MRI reveals a pituitary lesion with elevation and compression of the optic chiasm, and the ventricles are normal in size. The MRI appears to be a benign pituitary adenoma. The mass is pressing on the optic chiasm.

Assessment
The patient presents with a pituitary adenoma causing optic chiasm compression, resulting in bitemporal hemianopia.

Plan
The clinician plans a cervical MRI. The surgeon will perform a transsphenoidal approach. There is a risk of anesthesia including but not limited to the risk of heart attack, stroke, and death. There is a risk of surgery including infection, need for further surgery, wound issues such as spinal fluid leak or infection, seizure, stroke, permanent numbness, weakness, difficulty speaking, or even death. The patient understands the need for surgery. The patient looks forward to these headaches going away. Arrange follow-up with the neurosurgeon in two weeks to discuss surgical planning and address any concerns.
