S:
The patient reports fatigue for the past two months and reports pain in his wrist. He states the pain is like a nine on a scale of one to ten. The patient reports that the pain goes away when he takes ibuprofen. The patient feels the pain most of the time and it is worse when his arm is raised and elevated. The patient feels better when his arm is kept straight. The patient reports tingling, unsure if it's due to swelling.

O:
The clinician palpates the wrist and finds tenderness. The clinician observes normal range of movement with the right wrist and positive abduction adduction pain on movement. The clinician observes obvious swelling and bruising. Elevated blood pressure was noted. The patient's heart rate is elevated at approximately eighty beats per minute. The patient's respiratory rate is normal at twenty breaths per minute. A positive colles' fracture was identified. Dorsal angulation of the distal fracture fragment is present. Ulnar styloid fracture is present.

A:
The clinician suspects cervical radiculopathy and plans a cervical MRI. The patient's pain is primarily along his wrist and does not extend very far. The patient bumped his wrist yesterday morning.

P:
The patient will receive a thumb spica brace for today. The clinician will prescribe fifty milligrams of ultram every six hours. The clinician will prescribe physical therapy a few weeks after surgery. The surgery will be performed as quickly as possible. The patient will stay overnight after surgery. The patient will wear the brace for approximately six weeks. The patient will attend physical therapy three times a week. The fracture appears extra-articular and proximal to the radial ulnar joint. S The patient reports fatigue for the past two months and reports pain in his wrist. He states the pain is like a nine on a scale of one to ten. The patient reports that the pain goes away when he takes ibuprofen. The patient feels the pain most of the time and it is worse when his arm is raised and elevated. The patient feels better when his arm is kept straight. The patient reports tingling, unsure if it's due to swelling. O The clinician palpates the wrist and finds tenderness. The clinician observes normal range of movement with the right wrist and positive abduction adduction pain on movement. The clinician observes obvious swelling and bruising. Elevated blood pressure was noted. The patient's heart rate is elevated at approximately eighty beats per minute. The patient's respiratory rate is normal at twenty breaths per minute. A positive colles' fracture was identified. Dorsal angulation of the distal fracture fragment is present. Ulnar styloid fracture is present. A The clinician suspects cervical radiculopathy and plans a cervical MRI. The patient's pain is primarily along his wrist and does not extend very far. The patient bumped his wrist yesterday morning. P
