Chief Complaint
Follow-up for chronic congestive heart failure with diastolic dysfunction.

History of Present Illness
The patient was referred for a follow-up regarding chronic congestive heart failure with diastolic dysfunction. BMP's have been approximately 3,000 in March and are currently around 6,000. She was increasingly dyspneic. She changed her furosemide and torsemide 20 milligrams by mouth daily to note, the patient is not currently on potassium supplement. Her lisinopril has also been increased up to 10 milligrams daily in March. She reported being interested in having her right knee replaced this summer at East Metro. It was recommended that we work to control her cardiovascular status before surgery. She has lost about 3.5 pounds since April, which may be water weight. She reports feeling better with oxybutynine, which has reduced her urgency to use the bathroom. She has been taking prilosec for a couple of weeks and has not experienced any heartburn since. She is due for a colonoscopy, but we can schedule that at Bartley Regional Hospital after her knee surgery. Her last A1C was 5.5 in March. She is currently taking clopidogrel and magnesium supplement.

Findings
The patient's blood pressure is stable. Lung sounds are clear. The patient reports leg cramps, which she attributed to being cold and drinking pickle juice. Her hemoglobin level is normal. Creatinine is .7. BUN is 23. The patient's magnesium level is 1.7. EKG is pending.

Assessment
The patient has chronic congestive heart failure with diastolic dysfunction. The patient has diabetes.

Plan
The doctor recommends putting the patient on magnesium supplement. The doctor recommends stopping the patient from taking clopidogrel before surgery. The doctor plans to perform an EKG on the patient. The doctor recommends putting the patient on magnesium supplement. We will need to complete a pre-op examination within two weeks of her surgery. We will also need to schedule a colonoscopy at Bartley Regional Hospital after her knee surgery. The patient may need another A1C test prior to surgery.
