Chief Complaint
Follow-up of chronic problems and management of depression and hypertension.

History of Present Illness
Edward is a 59-year-old male with a past medical history significant for depression, hypertension, and prior rotator cuff repair. He presents for follow-up of his chronic problems. Six months ago, he was trying to think of some new strategies to manage his depression and was not wanting to go on medication because he's already on a bunch of meds. He's been out swimming at the pool a lot this summer and fall, and things have been well going with his depression. In terms of his high blood pressure, he says it's been struggling with it lately. He still has good days and bad days, and he does take his medicine daily, but he knows that burger and wine, every once in a while, sneaks in there, and that salt does… well you know what that does. He's checking his blood pressures at home with a machine at CVS pharmacy about once a week. He had his rotator cuff repaired about eight months ago and has been stretching with a yoga ball and getting stronger each time. He's progressing to exercises at home now. He reports no symptoms at all, no nasal congestion or chest pain, shortness of breath, or anything. However, he does notice a little bit of swelling in his ankles, mainly near the end of the day, which goes away by the next morning. He's been doing well overall, and he's happy to continue his current management strategies.

Findings
The patient's blood pressure is elevated today, 156 over 94. A slight three out of six systolic ejection murmur is appreciated. The doctor reports 1 to 2+ pitting edema in the legs. The patient's lab results are all stable, including his creatinine. An EKG shows no evidence of coronary artery disease. The patient's blood pressure readings have been running high over the past couple of months. The doctor reports a slight three out of six systolic ejection murmur.

Assessment
The patient has depression, hypertension, and a history of rotator cuff repair. His depression is currently well-managed with counseling and lifestyle modifications. His hypertension is not well controlled at this time. The rotator cuff repair is stable.

Plan
Increase norvasc to 10 mg a day. Order a lipid panel and an echocardiogram. Continue counseling once a week. Recommend decreasing salt intake. Follow up in four weeks if symptoms persist. Schedule a follow-up appointment in four weeks.
