Chief Complaint
Establish care for a history of DCIS following a right breast lumpectomy last year.

History of Present Illness
The patient reports having undergone a right breast lumpectomy in January 2020 for DCIS. She has not experienced any problems since, and reports self-breast exams are regular. She notes a calcification in her right breast was found in October 2019, which prompted a mammogram. An ultrasound in November 2019 revealed a mass at the 2 o'clock position, 11 centimeters from the nipple in the retroareolar region, measuring 1.4 x 2 x 3 centimeters. A core needle biopsy was performed on December 5th, 2019, and pathology revealed grade 2, ER positive, PR positive DCIS. She underwent a lumpectomy on January 20th, 2020, removing an 8 millimeter tumor with negative margins and five lymph nodes were removed, all negative for malignancy. Her last mammogram was in January 2021, which was normal. She has not had any recent weight loss or gain, headaches, bone pain, urinary symptoms, or blood in the stools. She does report some back and knee pain, attributed to age, and a new diagnosis of high cholesterol, which she is managing with exercise and dietary changes. She takes coq10, vitamin D, vitamin C, fish oil, and elderberry fruit.

Findings
Examination reveals skin thickening at the medial inferior aspect of the right breast, which may be radiation skin changes. The patient's ECOG performance status is zero. There are no palpable masses. The patient is allergic to penicillin.

Assessment
Stage 0, ER positive, PR positive, invasive ductal carcinoma of the right breast, post-lumpectomy with negative margins and five lymph nodes negative for malignancy. No evidence of recurrence.

Plan
Schedule a follow-up mammogram in April 2022. Continue observation. Order a year's follow-up appointment. Arrange for physical therapy. Continue acetaminophen as needed for back and knee pain. The patient will continue to manage her high cholesterol with exercise and dietary changes, following up with her primary care physician.
