Chief Complaint
Right foot ulcer and associated cellulitis.

History of Present Illness
The patient reports a right foot ulcer that began approximately six weeks ago following a pair of shoes that were too tight, resulting in a blister and subsequent ulceration. He describes the ulcer as initially stinging but now throbbing and with a foul odor, noted by his wife and also by his dog. He was started on antibiotics six days ago and reports no nausea or vomiting. His wife noted a temperature of 99.7°F and chills. The ulcer has now darkened and he is experiencing calf cramping and a red streak along the calf. He has been experiencing frequent coughing and difficulty catching his breath with exertion. His blood sugars have been trending in the 3-400 range over the past two weeks, with a peak of 5-600, prompting a call to his primary care physician. He previously managed diabetes with an insulin pump and an A1c of 13, but has now achieved an A1c of 6.7 over the past two years. He hiked to Charlie's Bunion a week prior to the ulcer development and wore new diabetic shoes and inserts, which he changes every three to four months. He has been hiking with his wife on the new trails behind the park.

Findings
Physical exam reveals a necrotic wound on the right heel, approximately 2x2 cm, with sloughing tissue and surrounding cellulitis. Erythema is present. Bilateral palpable pulses are present distally, confirmed by Doppler. No bony exposure is noted. Vital signs are stable. A slight fever is noted.

Assessment
Right foot ulcer with cellulitis. Diabetic neuropathy.

Plan
Order blood supply testing for the wound. Perform a debridement of the ulcer in the office. Obtain a wound culture and consider alternative antibiotic therapy based on culture results. Closely monitor the red streak extending up the calf and associated calf cramping. Follow up in seven days. Continue current antibiotic therapy as prescribed by the primary care physician. Schedule an endocrinology follow-up to maintain hemoglobin A1c below 7% and monitor blood sugars closely.
