Chief Complaint
Annual exam and review of current medications and conditions.

History of Present Illness
Martha is a 50-year-old female with a past medical history significant for congestive heart failure, depression and hypertension who presents for her annual exam. Martha reports that she has been traveling a lot recently since things have gotten a bit lighter and she got her vaccine, so she feels safer about traveling. She's been doing a lot of hiking, recently hiking in the Northern Cascades around Mount Baker. She reports that she's been doing well with a low sodium diet, resisting tater tots, soft pretzels, and salty foods as much as possible. She's been taking her blood pressure medications as directed, though she admits to occasionally forgetting. She reports feeling depressed, but is doing well with therapy and reports no feelings of wanting to harm herself or hurt others. She's been traveling a lot recently, and reports some nasal congestion from fall pollen and allergies. She denies chest pain, shortness of breath, nausea, vomiting, or abdominal pain. She's been taking her blood pressure medication as directed, though she admits to occasionally forgetting.

Findings
The doctor finds the patient's blood pressure elevated. A three out of six systolic ejection murmur is heard on the heart exam. One plus pitting edema is noted in the lower extremities. The echocardiogram showed that the patient has low-ish pumping function of the heart at about 45%. The lipid panel from last year showed that the patient's cholesterol was slightly high. The patient reports nasal congestion.

Assessment
The patient has congestive heart failure, hypertension, depression, and a history of elevated blood pressure.

Plan
The doctor wants the patient to record their blood pressures. The doctor wants the patient to schedule a mammogram. The doctor wants the patient to take lisinopril as directed, increasing the dose to 40 milligrams a day. The doctor wants the patient to start lasix at 20 milligrams a day.
