Chief Complaint
Evaluation of a non-healing right foot ulcer.

History of Present Illness
The patient reports that the ulcer on his right foot began approximately six weeks ago after wearing shoes that were slightly too tight. He initially experienced burning and stinging, which he did not think much of. He noticed a foul odor and his wife commented that his socks smelled. The blister became unroofed, revealing thick, soft, yellow-draining tissue. He was started on antibiotics six days ago, but reports no nausea or vomiting. His wife noted a temperature of 99.7°F and chills, and he experienced cramping in his calf muscle. He has noticed blackening around the outside of the wound and reports some cramping in his calf muscle. He has also been coughing and experiencing difficulty catching his breath with exertion. His blood sugars have been trending in the 3-400 range over the past two weeks, with a recent spike to 500-600. He previously used an insulin pump and had an A1c of 13, but it has since been controlled at 6.7. He has been hiking with his wife, including a recent trip to Charlie's Bunion, and has been using new diabetic shoes and inserts, which he changes every three to four months. He has been in cruise control with his foot care for some time.

Findings
Physical exam reveals a necrotic wound measuring 2x2 cm on the heel of the right foot. The wound exhibits slough and cellulitis. The odor is present. Bilateral palpable pulses are present femorally and popliteally. Doppler studies confirm the presence of pulses. A slight fever is noted. The patient reports throbbing pain in the foot and a hard sensation in the calf muscle, which is exacerbated by pressure. He reports pain radiating up his leg to his knee and behind his kneecap. The patient reports a significant cough and difficulty catching his breath.

Assessment
The patient presents with a non-healing diabetic foot ulcer complicated by cellulitis and neuropathy. He has significant risk factors for infection and delayed healing.

Plan
Order blood supply testing for the wound. Perform a debridement of the ulcer in the office. Obtain a culture of the wound for antibiotic sensitivity. Continue the current antibiotic regimen. Consider alternative antibiotic therapy based on culture results. Schedule a follow-up appointment in seven days to monitor progress. Continue to monitor blood sugars closely and adjust medication as needed. Refer to endocrinology for continued diabetes management.
