S:
The patient reports the ulcer began approximately six weeks ago after wearing shoes that were too tight, initially experiencing burning and stinging. He noticed a foul odor and his wife observed his dog smelling his socks. He describes the ulcer as throbbing, almost like a fire poker, and reports pain extending to his knee and calf muscle. He has been coughing and experiencing difficulty catching his breath when walking. His A1C is 6.7%, and he previously had an A1C of 13 with insulin pump therapy. He reports his blood sugars have trended in the 3-400 range over the past two weeks, with a spike to 5-600, leading to his wife's call to the primary care physician. He hiked to Charlie's Bunion a week prior to the ulcer's development and has been using new diabetic shoes and inserts for approximately three months. He reports rarely having blood sugars above 200 and has been using an insulin pump for two years. He has been hiking with his wife on the new trails behind the park.

O:
Vital signs are stable. The foot exam reveals a 2x2 cm necrotic wound with sloughing tissue and surrounding cellulitis, erythema, and no evidence of bone exposure. Doppler reveals bilateral palpable pulses. There is no palpable pulse dorsalis pedis or posterior tibial. A slight fever is noted. The wound does have an odor.

A:
The patient has a nonhealing diabetic foot ulcer. He is experiencing cellulitis and possible deep vein thrombosis given the erythema and calf pain. He has diabetic neuropathy, as evidenced by the foot exam and reported symptoms. He is at risk for further complications related to the ulcer and neuropathy.

P:
Order a blood supply test for the wound. Perform a debridement in the office. Obtain a culture and consider alternative antibiotic therapy based on culture results. Continue the ten-day course of antibiotics prescribed by the primary care physician. Monitor the redness and swelling in the calf closely. Schedule a follow-up appointment in seven days. Follow up with the endocrinologist to maintain hemoglobin A1C below 7%.
