S:
The patient reports the foot ulcer began six weeks ago after wearing tight shoes. He noticed a foul odor and his dog smelling his socks. His wife reported the blister had become unroofed with thick, mushy skin and a bad smell. The patient is on antibiotics for six days, with approximately three or four days remaining. His temperature was 99.7°F and he experienced chills. He is experiencing throbbing pain in the foot, described as "like there is a fire poker." He is experiencing cramping in his calf muscle. He noticed a red streak moving up his calf muscle. The patient is coughing a lot and having difficulty catching his breath. His A1c is 6.7%. He previously had an A1c of 13 and was on an insulin pump. He has been hiking on new trails, including Charlie's Bunion, approximately a week before the ulcer developed. The patient has new diabetic shoes and inserts, changed every three to four months. He noticed his sugars have probably been trending in the three to four hundreds the last two weeks and then he had one spike at one point at like five or six hundred that got our attention and I think that's also what made his wife call the primary care doc.

O:
A temperature of 99.7°F was recorded. Bilateral palpable pulses (femoral and popliteal) were present. Doppler revealed the pulses are present. The doctor observes necrotic wound (2x2 cm), sloughing tissue, and cellulitis. Erythema was noted, with no bony exposure. The doctor notes no palpable pulse dorsalis pedis or posterior tibial. A blood supply test for the wound is ordered. The doctor palpates bilateral palpable pulses (femoral and popliteal).

A:
The patient's symptoms are consistent with a non-healing diabetic foot ulcer complicated by cellulitis and potential signs of vascular compromise. The redness moving up his leg and calf muscle swelling/pain are concerning. A culture of the wound is needed to determine appropriate antibiotic therapy. The doctor is concerned about the possibility of osteomyelitis.

P:
The doctor will order a test to check blood supply for this wound. The doctor will perform a debridement today. The doctor will order a culture of the wound. The doctor is going to continue the patient's current antibiotic therapy. The doctor will consider extending or changing the antibiotic therapy based on culture results. Arrange follow-up with the patient in seven days. Recommend close monitoring of blood sugars and adherence to medication regimen. Schedule follow-up with the endocrinologist.
