S:
The patient reports fatigue for the past two months. The patient reports worsening headaches over the past few months. The patient reports headaches located behind his eyes. The patient describes the pain as a dull nagging ache. The patient reports the onset of headaches was about three months ago. The patient reports the headaches have been getting worse over time. The patient reports the headaches are now about six out of 10 severity. The patient reports the headaches tend to be worse in the morning. The patient reports the headaches last a few hours at a time. The patient reports no pain radiates. The patient denies being sick or feeling sick. The patient denies a fever or rash. The patient denies neck issues. The patient denies numbness or tingling. The patient reports he seems to be bumping into door frames recently.

O:
The MRI reveals a pituitary lesion with elevation and compression of the optic chiasm. The ventricles are normal in size and no other abnormalities are noted. The visual field testing reveals bitemporal hemianopia. The patient reports color vision is normal. The MRI appears to be a benign pituitary adenoma. The mass is pressing on the optic chiasm. The visual field test will map peripheral vision.

A:
The clinician suspects cervical radiculopathy. The MRI reveals a pituitary lesion with elevation and compression of the optic chiasm, which is concerning for a space-occupying lesion. The bitemporal hemianopia is consistent with optic nerve compression.

P:
The clinician plans a cervical MRI. The surgeon will perform a transsphenoidal approach. There is a risk of anesthesia including but not limited to the risk of heart attack, stroke, and death. There is a risk of surgery including infection, need for further surgery, wound issues such as spinal fluid leak or infection, seizure, stroke, permanent numbness, weakness, difficulty speaking, or even death. The patient understands the need for surgery. The patient reports he has never passed out. The patient reports he has no other medical problems and takes no medicines. The patient tried Tylenol a few times for the headaches but it didn't work, so he stopped. The patient reports he has no family history of diseases. The patient works as a computer programmer. The patient is married and has been married for 25 years. The patient bought a small house. The patient does not drink any alcohol, smoke, or use recreational drugs.
