Chief Complaint
A sore on his foot that is not healing.

History of Present Illness
The patient reports a wound on his right foot for approximately two to three weeks that is not improving. He previously saw a podiatrist two years ago but could not establish care. He describes the onset as a blister that worsened, and he has been applying bandages. He denies trauma. He finished a course of antibiotics prescribed by his primary care physician yesterday, but the wound remains. He reports no fever, chills, or drainage from the wound. He notes that his sock sticks to the wound even when a bandage is applied. He is currently wearing hoka shoes, which he finds comfortable and stable, but has experienced some stability issues. His last HbA1c was slightly over eight.

Findings
Physical examination reveals a one by two inch circular wound on the dorsal aspect of the lateral right foot, proximal to the fifth to fifth MTPII joint. There is some yellow slough present with minimal granulation tissue. There is no surrounding erythema or cellulitis, and no evidence of fluid collection or necrosis. There is no odor or bony exposure. Vascular exam reveals palpable bilateral femoral and popliteal pulses, with no palpable DP or PT pulses, but Doppler signs are present. Vital signs: temperature 98.1°F, heart rate 72, respirations 16, blood pressure 110/65. The x-ray shows no evidence of osteomyelitis.

Assessment
A right foot ulcer secondary to diabetic neuropathy.

Plan
I am ordering an ankle brachial index to assess blood supply to the foot. I will perform a debridement of the wound in the office. I will prescribe collagenase ointment to be applied daily and covered with a dry sterile dressing. I will place the patient in a surgical shoe to reduce pressure on the area. I do not recommend further antibiotics at this time. I will schedule a follow-up appointment in two weeks. If the ABI indicates suboptimal blood supply, I will consider referral to a vascular specialist. I will also arrange a diabetic consultation to discuss dietary modifications and monitor HbA1c levels.
