Chief Complaint
Follow-up regarding spasms and lightheadedness, significant constipation, and diaphoresis.

History of Present Illness
Michelle King presents for follow-up regarding increasing concerns for spasms and lightheadedness, significant constipation, and diaphoresis. She was admitted to district regional hospital on 06/29/2021, and was discharged on 07/02/2021. She has a history of quadriplegia due to a prior spinal cord injury. She reports increasing concerns for spasms and lightheadedness, significant constipation, and diaphoresis. She was evaluated in the emergency department where she was febrile and had significantly elevated white blood cell count of 23,000. There were concerns for ongoing urinary tract infection, but she was treated with iv antibiotic therapy. She had labile blood pressure, headache, and vomiting. In the end, she slowly improved. She does have a supra-pubic catheter. Cultures were obtained and reviewed. She was eventually discharged after clinical improvement of her symptoms. She feels like she has a good bowel regimen, including taking the miralax regularly as a primary treatment for constipation issues as well as lactulose for severe constipation. She reports bowel irregularity. She is open-minded to this. She is unvaccinated. She takes vitamin C and multivitamins. She reports experiencing a headache and vomiting.

Findings
The patient's white blood cell count was elevated. The patient reports pain in the left hand. The patient reports diaphoresis. The patient reports a headache.

Assessment
The patient's primary concerns include dysreflexia, constipation, and potential urinary tract infection. The patient's history of quadriplegia and recent hospital admission warrant further investigation into these issues.

Plan
The doctor orders complete blood work including a cholesterol panel. The doctor recommends a follow-up in two to three weeks to repeat the cbc just to make sure her white blood cells tend downward. The doctor suggests lactulose as a rescue medication. The doctor recommends initiating physical therapy. The doctor recommends continuing acetaminophen as needed. The doctor recommends scheduling a follow-up in four weeks if symptoms persist.
