Chief Complaint
Follow-up for hypertension.

History of Present Illness
The patient presents for follow-up regarding hypertension. At the last visit on April 16th, her blood pressure was 130 over 90. After presenting at 150 over 100, she was prescribed hydrochlorothiazide 12.5 milligrams by mouth once daily and lisinopril 20 milligrams by mouth once daily. CMP and CBC were essentially unremarkable. She reports struggling with not drinking and desires to discuss that further. She has been drinking four to five times a week to excess, with hard alcohol, and reports experiencing urges to drink. She has taken naltrexone in the past, but feels it is not going to be okay until she stops drinking. She is taking half of the lisinopril dose because she felt lethargic and tired when she first took it, and headaches and left ear swooshing started. She feels like it is helping, but she knows it won't be okay until she stops drinking. She is taking the full dose of hydrochlorothiazide and denies chest tightness or pressure or shortness of breath. She is checking her blood pressure at home and reports seeing numbers between 130 and 145 or 150 mmHg in the morning and between 95 and 100 mmHg in the evening. She reports blood pressure readings of 150 mmHg in the evening. She is taking her blood pressure medication in the morning. She denies any fever, cough, shortness of breath, or sore throat. She has not traveled or been exposed to the coronavirus. She received her coronavirus vaccine on February 9th. She is currently using alcohol.

Findings
The patient's morning blood pressure readings are between 130 and 145 or 150 mmHg, and the evening readings are between 95 and 100 mmHg. The patient reports blood pressure readings of 150 mmHg in the evening. The patient reports blood pressure readings between 95 and 100 mmHg in the morning. The patient reports experiencing swooshing sounds in their left ear after the first time taking lisinopril. The patient reports experiencing headaches after the first time taking lisinopril. The patient reports feeling lethargic and tired after the first time taking lisinopril. The patient reports experiencing dizziness. The patient reports experiencing anxiety. The patient reports experiencing tiredness. The patient reports experiencing nausea. The patient reports experiencing shortness of breath. The patient's left hand is not painful. The patient's heart rhythm is regular. There is no tremor. There is no cva tenderness. The patient's head is at 90 degrees. The patient's vitals are normal. The patient's skin is moist. The patient's trigger is good. The patient is alert and pleasant and in no acute distress. The patient is not diabetic. Examination shows reduced active abduction of the left shoulder and pain with impingement testing.

Assessment
The patient's primary problem is hypertension. The patient's alcohol use disorder is a significant concern. The patient's current medications are appropriate, but require ongoing monitoring.

Plan
Order shoulder radiographs. Initiate physical therapy. Continue acetaminophen as needed. Start naltrexone with a shot approximately once a month. Schedule a follow-up in June to assess response to naltrexone and monitor blood pressure. Recommend upgrading influenza vaccination and shingrix. Ensure the patient is taking the full dose of hydrochlorothiazide and half the dose of lisinopril. Schedule a follow-up in four weeks if symptoms persist. Monitor blood pressure readings at home. Schedule a follow-up in May 17th for the first naltrexone injection.
