Chief Complaint
A sore on his foot that's not healing.

History of Present Illness
The patient reports a sore on his right foot for approximately two to three weeks that is not improving. He previously saw a podiatrist two years ago but could not find a replacement. He describes the onset as related to a new pair of shoes he purchased for travel, which initially caused a blister that worsened over time. He has been applying a band-aid to the wound. He completed a course of antibiotics prescribed by his PCP yesterday, but the wound appears unchanged. He reports no fever, chills, or drainage from the wound. He notes that his sock sticks to the wound even when a band-aid is applied. He states the foot does not hurt.

Findings
Physical exam reveals a one by two inch circular wound on the dorsal aspect of the lateral right foot, approximately proximal to the fifth to fifth metatarsal phalangeal joint. The wound exhibits yellow slough and minimal granulation tissue. There is no surrounding erythema or cellulitis. No evidence of fluid collection or necrosis is observed. No odor is present. Vascular exam reveals palpable bilateral femoral and popliteal pulses, with no palpable dorsalis pedis or posterior tibial pulses, but Doppler signs are present. Ankle Brachial Index (ABI) will be ordered.

Assessment
The patient presents with a chronic right foot ulcer, likely secondary to neuropathy and pressure from footwear. No evidence of acute osteomyelitis is present on the initial examination.

Plan
Order an ankle brachial index (ABI) to assess blood flow to the foot. Perform a debridement of the wound in the office. Prescribe collagenase ointment to be applied daily to the wound, covered with a dry sterile dressing. Provide a surgical shoe to apply pressure to the area. Continue the patient on acetaminophen as needed. Schedule a follow-up appointment in two weeks. Consider referral to a vascular specialist if the ABI indicates suboptimal blood supply. Initiate a diabetic consult to discuss potential dietary modifications and monitor HbA1c.
