S:
The patient reports increasing concerns for spasms and lightheadedness, significant constipation, and diaphoresis. She has a history of quadriplegia due to prior spinal cord injury and reports feeling like she has a good bowel regimen, including taking miralax regularly as a primary treatment for constipation issues as well as lactulose for severe constipation. She also takes a lot of vitamin C and multivitamins and is closely monitored. The patient feels dehydrated even a little bit can lead to further constipation issues. She also reports headaches and vomiting. She has been experiencing blood pressure fluctuations.

O:
The patient's white blood cell count was elevated at 23,000 in the emergency department. A supra-pubic catheter was in place. Cultures were obtained and reviewed, and the white cell count was the only thing that i think they were kind of concerned about because it was a little high. She did n't have a cat scan, they just did an x-ray. Vital signs changes were observed.

A:
The patient's symptoms are consistent with constipation and potential infection, although a UTI is less likely. The elevated white blood cell count warrants further investigation. The patient's quadriplegia and history of dysreflexia are significant factors in her presentation. The patient's concerns regarding the vaccine are noted.

P:
I would recommend just in the next three or four weeks to come back in for some updated fasting labs, and we'll repeat the cbc just to make sure her white blood cells tend downward. I also want to talk to you about covid, if we can. So where are you at when it comes to the vaccine? So what are your concerns about the vaccine? I do not believe that supplements are necessarily going to help stave this off. I would be concerned if she does n't get the vaccine and i would consider her at high risk based on her quadriplegia status. I have had healthy people die from covid. I have had healthy people die from covid. I think there are side effects from all vaccines, so you have to go back and think about it. I mean , there's guillain-barre , and all these things that could happen from the vaccine , but they're just very rare. My thing for you is i'm not convinced that there's alternative stuff or even the treatment we have , like the monoclonal antibodies , that will give help , but it's just my opinion. I also take a lot of vitamin c. I also take multivitamins and i'm closely monitored. So that appointment will let us kill a bird ... two birds with one stone since you're due to get blood work anyways for cholesterol. I have seen all the bad things that could happen from covid. I mean , there's guillain-barre , and all these things that could happen from the vaccine , but they're just very rare. I would recommend just in the next three or four weeks to come back in for some updated fasting labs, and we'll repeat the cbc just to make sure her white blood cells tend downward. I also recommend that the only true preventative mechanism for covid is the vaccine. Arrange follow-up in four weeks to assess white blood cell count and cholesterol levels.
