Chief Complaint
Patient reports fatigue and back pain related to her breasts.

History of Present Illness
The patient reports fatigue for the past two months, attributing it to her breasts when working at her desk all day. She has been considering a breast reduction for about six or seven years and reports experiencing back pain and pain in her neck and upper back. The patient reports that her bra strap indentations are present in her shoulders. She wears a 34e sports bra and reports getting rashes underneath her breasts. The patient feels like her activities are limited when holding things, such as working out or jumping or running. The patient's husband has accepted a new job. The patient reports being generally healthy. She has lost about 10 pounds over the past few months and wants to lose about 20 more pounds. She drinks a little wine on occasion. The patient is currently studying psychology. The patient has a history of breast cancer in her family; her mother had breast cancer at age 40. The patient was recommended to start mammograms at age 30. The patient does not have any children now and is planning to have children in the future.

Findings
The doctor measures the patient's breasts and notes that one breast is lower than the other. The doctor will remove tissue from the breast and elevate the nipple position. The doctor will make an incision around the nipple and an incision underneath the breast, using an anchor-like shape for the incision. The patient's breasts are asymmetrical and severely ptotic (drooping). There is no nipple retraction or discharge. There is no breast tenderness, masses, or axillary lymphadenopathy. The doctor takes photos of the patient. The doctor's office will submit the request for approval. The patient is a good candidate for a breast reduction and will benefit from a breast reduction. The patient's minimum required resection is 1,792 grams. The schnur scale is 2.65. The patient may need a nipple graft. The patient's breasts are made up of fat and a gland, and the gland produces milk. The patient may not be able to breastfeed in the future. The hormones of pregnancy will change the breasts. The nipple sensation may be altered or absent after surgery. There is a slight chance of nipple sensation being absent. The patient may experience bruising after surgery, and the bruising will take some time to go away.

Assessment
The patient presents with bilateral breast ptosis and asymmetry, potentially contributing to her reported back and neck pain. A breast reduction is indicated to address these concerns.

Plan
The doctor will keep the patient overnight. The doctor will control the patient's pain and prevent the patient from being nauseated. The doctor will perform a breast reduction. The surgery will take about three hours. The patient will have drains in each side of the breast for about a week. The patient will have a clear plastic tape over the incision for about a week. The scars will take about a year to mature. The doctor will meet with the patient before surgery and will answer any last-minute questions. The doctor will provide detailed instructions.
