S:
The patient reports experiencing swooshing sounds in their left ear after the first time taking lisinopril. He also reports feeling lethargic and tired after the first time taking lisinopril. The patient reports experiencing headaches after the first time taking lisinopril. The patient reports experiencing nausea. The patient reports experiencing dizziness. The patient reports experiencing anxiety. The patient reports experiencing trouble sleeping. The patient reports experiencing urges to drink. The patient reports blood pressure readings between 130 and 145 mmHg in the morning and evening. The patient reports blood pressure readings of 150 mmHg in the evening. The patient's morning blood pressure readings are between 130 and 145 or 150 mmHg, and the evening readings are between 95 and 100 mmHg. The patient reports blood pressure readings between 95 and 100 mmHg in the morning.

O:
Blood pressure is mildly low. Heart rate is within normal limits. Neurologic examination is nonfocal. The patient denies shortness of breath.

A:
The patient's blood pressure is an issue. The patient is checking their blood pressure at home. The doctor's impression is alcohol use disorder. The patient reports experiencing symptoms consistent with anxiety.

P:
The doctor will administer a shot to the patient. The doctor recommends upgrading influenza vaccination. The doctor recommends shingrix. The doctor plans to discuss medicine to help with alcohol urges. Vivitrol may be administered as an alternative to naltrexone. Naltrexone will be administered approximately once a month. The patient will have a follow-up in June. The patient is taking lisinopril 10 milligrams daily. Hydrochlorothiazide will be started. Lisinopril will be started. Hydrochlorothiazide will be started. The patient is currently taking the full dose of hydrochlorothiazide. The patient is currently taking half of the lisinopril dose. The medicine blocks alcohol receptors. The patient will receive a first shot on May 17th.
