S:
The patient reports fatigue for the past two months. The patient reports experiencing back pain and pain in her neck and upper back, attributed to her breasts when working at her desk all day. The patient reports that her bra strap indentations are present in her shoulders. The patient wears a 34e sports bra. The patient feels like her activities are limited when holding things, such as working out or jumping or running. The patient reports getting rashes underneath her breasts. The patient is 25 years old. The patient drinks a little wine on occasion. The patient is currently studying psychology.

O:
The doctor measures the patient's breasts. The doctor notes that one breast is lower than the other. The doctor performs a lot of breast reduction surgeries. The doctor will remove tissue from the breast. The doctor will elevate the nipple position. The doctor will make an incision around the nipple. The doctor will make an incision underneath the breast. The doctor will use an anchor-like shape for the incision. The doctor will take off extra fat and breast tissue. The doctor will make the breast smaller in size. The doctor will make the breast a b cup. The patient may not be able to breastfeed in the future. The patient's breasts are asymmetrical. The patient's breasts are severely ptotic (drooping). The doctor takes photos of the patient.

A:
The clinician suspects cervical radiculopathy. The doctor plans to perform a breast reduction. The patient is a good candidate for a breast reduction. The patient will benefit from a breast reduction. The patient may need a nipple graft. The patient's minimum required resection is 1,792 grams. The schnur scale is 2.65. The patient may experience bruising after surgery. The patient's breasts are made up of fat and a gland. The gland produces milk.

P:
The clinician plans a cervical MRI. The doctor will keep the patient overnight. The doctor will control the patient's pain. The doctor will prevent the patient from being nauseated. The doctor's office will submit the request for approval. The doctor will meet with the patient before surgery. The doctor will answer any last-minute questions. The doctor will provide detailed instructions. The patient will have drains in each side of the breast for about a week. The patient will have a clear plastic tape over the incision for about a week. The scars will take about a year to mature. Approximately 30% of patients cannot breastfeed after a breast reduction. The hormones of pregnancy will change the breasts. The nipple sensation may be altered or absent after surgery. There is a slight chance of nipple sensation being absent. The patient reports being generally healthy. The patient wants to lose about 20 more pounds.
