Chief Complaint
A sore on my foot that's not healing.

History of Present Illness
The patient reports a wound on his right foot for approximately two to three weeks. He states he experienced a blister that worsened and developed into a wound, likely due to a new pair of shoes he purchased. He previously saw a podiatrist a couple of years ago but was unable to get another appointment. The patient reports no other symptoms, such as fever or chills, and states he does not feel any pain in the foot. He reports that the sock sticks to the wound when he takes it off. He finished a course of antibiotics yesterday, but the wound appears to be the same. He also reports that he loves his Hoka shoes, which are comfortable and provide stability.

Findings
Physical exam reveals a one by two inch circular wound on the dorsal aspect of the lateral right foot, approximately proximal to the fifth to fifth metatarsal head (5th MTPA). There is some yellow slough present with minimal granulation tissue. There is no surrounding erythema or cellulitis, and no evidence of fluid collection or necrosis. There is no odor, and no bony exposure. Bilateral femoral and popliteal pulses are palpable. Doppler signs are present. The patient's temperature is 98.1°F, heart rate is 72 beats per minute, respirations are 16 breaths per minute, and blood pressure is 110/65 mmHg.

Assessment
The patient has a diabetic foot ulcer on the right foot. The x-ray shows no evidence of osteomyelitis.

Plan
I'm ordering an ankle brachial index (ABI) to determine the blood supply to the foot. I will perform a debridement here in the office to remove some of the dead tissue. I'm prescribing a collagenase ointment to be applied to the wound once daily and covered with a dry sterile dressing. We will continue this until the wound shrinks and a nice pink tissue is present. I'm also going to order a surgical shoe to take pressure off the area. I do not think any more antibiotics are needed at this time. I want to see you again in two weeks, and we may need to refer you to a vascular specialist if the ABI indicates your blood supply is not optimal for wound healing. It's very important to get your diabetes under control in order to get the wound to heal, so we might even go ahead and get a diabetic consult to go over some ways you can modify your diet without being too much, but maybe that can bring down your hemoglobin A1c into a little bit better level.
