S:
The patient reports acne located on the face, which started about two years ago and is present most every day. She has been using persa-gel and washing regularly, which is somewhat helpful. There are no associated symptoms including itching, bleeding, or pain. The patient reports that her acne flares with her periods. The biggest flare, probably, was when she started school sports in the fall, just with all the sweating. She does not find that her acne flares with her periods. The patient reports that her skin care regimen has been doing a good job. The patient reports that she wipes her face down in the morning and at night she uses an elf facial cleanser called the super clarity cleanser. She finishes with a toner and then the persa-gel. The patient says she is doing a good job with the facial care regimen. The patient reports that she is using sunscreen spf 30 or higher. The patient reports that she washes her face with a mild cleanser then uses a moisturizer labeled, "noncomedogenic", with sunscreen spf 30 or higher. The patient reports that she washes her face with the same cleanser and allows it to dry. The patient reports that she applies adapalene, 0.1% cream, in a thin layer to the areas she generally gets acne. The patient reports that she is atopic retinoid will cause some sensitivity, so she will need to wear sunscreen when she is outside. The patient reports that it may also cause some dryness or irritation. The patient reports that she is using a mild cleanser. The patient reports that she is using a moisturizer. The patient reports that she is using a cleanser. The patient reports that she is using adapalene. The patient reports that she is using a retinoid. The patient reports that she is experiencing sensitivity. The patient reports that she is experiencing dryness. The patient reports that she is experiencing irritation.

O:
Full exam is performed today, except for under the underwear and under the bra. Multiple benign nevi on the trunk and extremities. Scattered skin colored papules. Open and closed comedones. Erythmateous papules on the face, primarily on the forehead and with also some on the central cheeks and chin. The chest and back are relatively spared. The remainder of the examination is normal. The patient's skin is normal to the touch. Vital signs are within normal limits.

A:
The patient presents with mild to moderate acne, primarily comedonal with a small inflammatory component. The exam reveals multiple benign nevi on the trunk and extremities. The patient's skin is normal to the touch.

P:
I would like to start with a topical therapy first. Every morning, you will wash your face with a mild cleanser then use a moisturizer labeled, "noncomedogenic", with sunscreen spf 30 or higher. Now, in the evening, wash your face with the same cleanser and allow it to dry. Apply adapalene, 0.1% cream, in a thin layer to the areas you generally get acne. I want you to start off using this a few nights a week and slowly work up to using it every night. If it is ... excuse me, if it is very expensive or not covered by insurance, you can try different gel over the counter. You can follow that with clean and clear persa-gel in a thin layer, or where you generally get acne. And then a noncomedogenic moisturizer. You're atopic retinoid will cause some sensitivity, so you will need to wear sunscreen when you are outside. It may also cause some dryness or irritation. Follow up at six months to assess progress. Schedule a follow-up appointment in six months.
