S:
The patient reports a two-year history of facial acne, which is present most days. She has been using over-the-counter washes and Persa-gel with somewhat helpful results. She denies associated symptoms such as itching, bleeding, or pain. She lives with her parents and sister and has a dog, bird, and bunnies. She is in 7th grade and plays basketball, volleyball, and tap. She wears sunscreen SPF 30 in the summer. The patient reports that her acne flares with sweating, as observed during sports participation. The patient's period is regular and has been for approximately two years. The patient states the biggest flare was when she started school sports in the fall.

O:
A full exam was performed today, except for under the underwear and bra. Multiple benign nevi were noted on the trunk and extremities. Scattered skin-colored papules, open and closed comedones, and erythrema papules were observed on the face, primarily on the forehead and central cheeks and chin. The chest and back are relatively spared. The remainder of the examination is normal.

A:
The patient presents with mild to moderate acne, primarily comedonal with a small inflammatory component. Multiple benign nevi were identified on the trunk and extremities.

P:
I would like to start with a topical therapy. Every morning, the patient will wash their face with a mild cleanser and apply a noncomedogenic moisturizer with SPF 30 or higher. In the evening, the patient will wash their face with the same cleanser and allow it to dry. Apply adapalene 0.1% cream to the areas of acne, starting with a few nights a week and gradually increasing to nightly. If the medication is expensive or not covered by insurance, the patient can try different gel over-the-counter, such as Clean & Clear Persa-gel, in a thin layer over the areas of acne, followed by a noncomedogenic moisturizer. The patient should wear sunscreen when outside due to the retinoid. Follow up in six months to assess progress. I will order a follow-up appointment at that time.
