Chief Complaint
Increasing concerns for spasms and lightheadedness, significant constipation, and diaphoresis.

History of Present Illness
Michelle King presented to the emergency department with increasing concerns for spasms and lightheadedness, significant constipation, and diaphoresis. She has a history of quadriplegia due to a prior spinal cord injury. She reports experiencing increasing spasms, lightheadedness, significant constipation, and diaphoresis. She was evaluated in the emergency department where she was febrile and had significantly elevated white blood cell count of 23,000. She reported feeling dehydrated due to her constipation and the heat during the previous two weeks. She had labile blood pressure, headache, and vomiting. She was treated with iv antibiotic therapy. In the end, she slowly improved. She does have a supra-pubic catheter. Cultures were obtained and reviewed. She was eventually discharged after clinical improvement of her symptoms. She presents today to follow up regarding these concerns. She believes her hospitalization was more likely due to her dysreflexia, from her quadriplegia that typically occurs. She did have a lot of vital signs changes, including blood pressure fluctuations. The patient feels like she has a good bowel regimen, including taking the miralax regularly as a primary treatment for constipation issues as well as lactulose for severe constipation. She feels like this was less likely a true urinary tract infection and was just related to her constipation. However, we did have a good discussion regarding her leukocytosis.

Findings
Examination reveals no acute distress. The patient is alert and oriented. Vital signs are stable, though labile. White blood cell count was elevated at 23,000 in the emergency department.

Assessment
The patient's symptoms are most consistent with a complex interplay of constipation, dysreflexia, and potential post-discharge complications related to her quadriplegia and previous infection.

Plan
I would recommend just in the next three or four weeks to come back in for some updated fasting labs, and we'll repeat the cbc just to make sure her white blood cells tend downward. I also recommend scheduling a follow-up in two to three weeks to assess her progress and address her concerns regarding the vaccine. I strongly recommend she receive the COVID-19 vaccine, given her underlying conditions and risk factors. I do not believe that supplements are necessarily going to help stave this off. I would be concerned if she does n't get the vaccine and I would consider her at high risk based on her quadriplegia status. She is somewhat homeopathic. Finally, let's schedule a physical therapy consultation to address her mobility and bowel management.
