Chief Complaint
Evaluation of hematuria and history of kidney stones.

History of Present Illness
The patient reports a history of hematuria, initially noted six weeks ago, accompanied by two small stones passed. Over the past six weeks, he has experienced intermittent episodes of bright red urine, resembling cherry kool-aid, and constant need to urinate, with significant pain. The pain was rated as an 8 out of 10 at the time. He reports that things have felt better since passing the stones. He currently takes Alavert 10mg daily and has no known drug allergies. He admits to not drinking enough water, primarily consuming Mountain Dew. He also admits to a high intake of animal protein, sodium, oxalate and beef, poultry, fish and pork.

Findings
Urine dipstick was negative for leukocytes, nitrates, protein, ketone, and bilirubin. Color is yellow and clear, with urobilinogen 0.2 and a pH of 5.5 and specific gravity of 1.020. A trace amount of blood was noted in the urine. Renal ultrasound revealed a right kidney measuring 10 cm by 5 cm, with no stones, masses, or hydronephrosis. The left kidney measures 10.8 cm by 5 cm and contains a 6 mm left renal stone, non-obstructing. Pre-void volume is 533 ml, and post-void volume is 0 ml. Physical exam revealed no flank pain or tenderness to the lower back. Vaginal exam was normal. The patient's vital signs were stable.

Assessment
The patient presents with hematuria and a history of kidney stones. A single 6 mm left renal stone is present, not obstructing and without causing pain.

Plan
The doctor recommends drinking about half of one's body weight in ounces of water a day. The doctor recommends limiting sodium intake to less than 1,000 milligrams a day. The doctor recommends limiting animal protein intake. The doctor recommends limiting oxalate intake. A handout is provided to the patient outlining dietary recommendations. No surgical intervention is recommended at this time. Follow up in one year unless there are any issues. If severe pain or bright red blood in the urine occurs, go to the emergency room.
