Chief Complaint
Blood pressure fluctuations and headache.

History of Present Illness
The patient is a 39-year-old female with a history of quadriplegia due to spinal cord injury. She reports increasing concerns for spasms, lightheadedness, significant constipation, and diaphoresis. She was evaluated in the emergency department where she was febrile and had an elevated white blood cell count of 23,000. She has a supra-pubic catheter and was eventually discharged after clinical improvement of her symptoms. However, she does not think it was a UTI, but rather constipation was the cause of her blood pressure issues. She feels like she has a good bowel regimen, including taking miralax regularly and lactulose for severe constipation. She reports that it was giving her a headache and making her throw up. She does drink a lot of vitamin C and multivitamins and is closely monitored. She does not feel as though she really needs the vaccine. She also gets a flu shot every year. The ER is full of these vaccines. She has seen all the bad things that could happen from covid. I have had healthy people die from covid. So personally, I believe that this vaccine is completely safe. She does not want to get covid. She believes her hospitalization was more likely due to her dysreflexia, from her quadriplegia that typically occurs. She has had healthy people die from covid. She does not feel as though she really needs the vaccine. She also gets a flu shot every year. The ER is full of these vaccines. She has seen all the bad things that could happen from covid. I have had healthy people die from covid. So personally, I believe that this vaccine is completely safe. She does not want to get covid. She also takes a lot of vitamin C. I have had healthy people die from covid. She does not feel as though she really needs the vaccine. She also gets a flu shot every year. The ER is full of these vaccines. She has seen all the bad things that could happen from covid. I have had healthy people die from covid. So personally, I believe that this vaccine is completely safe. She does not want to get covid.

Findings
There were concerns for ongoing urinary tract infection, but she was treated with iv antibiotic therapy. Cultures were obtained and reviewed. So, it looks like you had an infection, right? The white cell count was the only thing that I think they were kind of concerned about because it was a little high. So I wondered if automatic dysreflexia can affect the white count? She did have a lot of vital signs changes, including blood pressure fluctuations. I told them that when I was admitted, and they did x-rays and everything, but they said, "no," as they did n't think that was n't... that was it. Uh, they did n't do a cat scan, they just did an x-ray. I mean, I knew going in that I had n't had a regular bowel movement in a while, even though I drink the miralax every day. I mean, i really do n't think it was a uti. It is, in my humble opinion, that i was just constipated and that was what was causing my blood pressure to be so high. Then when i got home i had a massive poop and i felt much better. But in saying that, you know, inflammation can do that. So, yeah, you could be backed up and inflamed.

Assessment
Acute to chronic constipation and leukocytosis.

Plan
I would recommend just in the next three or four weeks to come back in for some updated fasting labs, and we'll repeat the cbc just to make sure her white blood cells tend downward. Have i ever given you lactulose? It would be a medicine you use in, um, conjunction with miralax. Start lactulose and miralax as appropriate. Schedule follow-up in four weeks if symptoms persist. Arrange follow-up in four weeks if symptoms persist. I would like to talk to you about covid, if we can. So where are you at when it comes to the vaccine? So what are your concerns about the vaccine? I do not believe that supplements are necessarily going to help stave this off. I would be concerned if she does n't get the vaccine and I would consider her at high risk based on her quadriplegia status. I think there are side effects from all vaccines, so you have to go back and think about it. So there are definitely potential side effects to the vaccine. I'm not convinced that there's alternative stuff or even the treatment we have, like the monoclonal antibodies, that will give help, but it's just my opinion. So that's what's gon na happen with covid.
