Chief Complaint
Right elbow pain radiating to the neck.

History of Present Illness
The patient reports ongoing right elbow pain, which has been present for an unspecified duration. The pain radiates up to the neck and chest. He describes the pain as aching and occasionally sharp. He has not engaged in any activities that he believes may have caused the pain. He reports taking occasional ibuprofen for the pain and notes it provides some relief. The patient reports intermittent blood sugar fluctuations and has been taking metformin 500mg daily and norvasc 2.5mg daily. He denies recent diarrhea or bowel issues, mentioning a concern about Joe biting and his inability to stop pooping.

Findings
Blood pressure was 150/90 mmHg. The patient reports experiencing chest pain, shortness of breath, and a slight murmur heard upon cardiac auscultation. An electrocardiogram is ordered to evaluate for possible cardiac ischemia.

Assessment
The patient presents with chest pain and elevated blood pressure, raising concern for possible cardiac ischemia. His history of hypertension and diabetes requires ongoing management.

Plan
Order an electrocardiogram and a glucose test. Administer aspirin and nitroglycerin as needed for chest pain. Continue metformin 500mg daily and norvasc 2.5mg daily. Schedule a follow-up appointment in 24-48 hours to assess the results of the electrocardiogram and glucose test and to determine the next course of action. If indicated, arrange for transport to the hospital for further evaluation and treatment. } /> ? 500 mg daily and norvasc 2.5 mg daily. Schedule a follow-up appointment in 24-48 hours to assess the results of the electrocardiogram and glucose test and to determine the next course of action. If indicated, arrange for transport to the hospital for further evaluation and treatment. } /> ? 500 mg daily and norvasc 2.5 mg daily. Schedule a follow-up appointment in 24-48 hours to assess the results of the electrocardiogram and glucose test and to determine the next course of action. If indicated, arrange for transport to the hospital for further evaluation and treatment. } /> ? 500 mg daily and norvasc 2.5 mg daily. Schedule a follow-up appointment in 24-48 hours to assess the results of the electrocardiogram and glucose test and to determine the next course of action. If indicated, arrange for transport to the hospital for further evaluation and treatment. } /> ? 500 mg daily and norvasc 2.5 mg daily. Schedule a follow-up appointment in 24-48 hours to assess the results of the electrocardiogram and glucose test and to determine the next course of action. If indicated, arrange for transport to the hospital for further evaluation and treatment. } /> ? 500 mg daily and norvasc 2.5 mg daily. Schedule a follow-up appointment in 24-48 hours to assess the results of the electrocardiogram and glucose test and to determine the next course of action. If indicated, arrange for transport to the hospital for further evaluation and treatment. } /> ? 500 mg daily and norvasc 2.5 mg daily. Schedule a follow-up appointment in 24-48 hours to assess the results of the electrocardiogram and glucose test and to determine the next course of action. If indicated, arrange for transport to the hospital for further evaluation and treatment. } /> ? 500 mg daily and norvasc 2.5 mg daily. Schedule a follow-up appointment in 24-48 hours to assess the results of the electrocardiogram and glucose test and to determine the next course of action. If indicated, arrange for transport to the hospital for further evaluation and treatment.
