Chief Complaint
Increasing concerns for spasms and lightheadedness, significant constipation, and diaphoresis.

History of Present Illness
The patient was admitted to district regional hospital on 06/29/2021, and was discharged on 07/02/2021. She is a 39-year-old female with a history of quadriplegia due to a prior spinal cord injury. She was experiencing increasing concerns for spasms and lightheadedness, significant constipation, and reported diaphoresis. She was evaluated in the emergency department where she was febrile and had significantly elevated white blood cell count of 23,000. There were concerns for ongoing urinary tract infection, but she was treated with iv antibiotic therapy. She had labile blood pressure, headache, and vomiting. In the end, she slowly improved. She does have a supra-pubic catheter. Cultures were obtained and reviewed. She was eventually discharged after clinical improvement of her symptoms. She presents today to follow up regarding these concerns. She reports that she had not had a regular bowel movement in a while, even though she drinks the miralax regularly as a primary treatment for constipation issues as well as lactulose for severe constipation. She feels like this was less likely a true urinary tract infection and was just related to her constipation. She also mentions that she was extremely hot during the period leading up to her hospitalization and tends to stay in more when it's hot. She does n't think it was a UTI.

Findings
Examination reveals no acute distress. Vital signs are stable. There is no physical exam data available.

Assessment
The patient's symptoms are likely related to her underlying quadriplegia and constipation, potentially exacerbated by recent heat exposure.

Plan
I would recommend just in the next three or four weeks to come back in for some updated fasting labs, and we'll repeat the cbc just to make sure her white blood cells tend downward. I also recommend that the only true preventative mechanism for covid is the vaccine. I do not believe that supplements are necessarily going to help stave this off. I would be concerned if she does n't get the vaccine and I would consider her at high risk based on her quadriplegia status. We will schedule a follow-up appointment in two to three weeks.
