Chief Complaint
Elizabeth is a 53-year-old female today complaining of chest pain and she has a past medical history of diabetes and high blood pressure.

History of Present Illness
The patient reports chest pain every time she starts walking, describing it as a pressure and dull pain. She states this pain has been present for approximately three months and is exacerbated by walking. She reports that she has been trying to improve her diet and exercise regimen, but has struggled with sodas. Her blood sugars have been higher since she has not been able to be active. She has an ophthalmology appointment scheduled in two weeks. She reports no nausea, vomiting, or diarrhea related to her diabetes or medications. She also notes a history of high blood pressure documented by other clinicians, but not yet addressed with medication. The patient reports swelling in her lower legs.

Findings
The examination reveals a two out of six systolic ejection murmur. The patient's lungs are clear, with no crackles or rhonchi. The heart rhythm is regular and rate is normal. Pulses are equal bilaterally. The abdomen is soft and non-tender. The back exam is unremarkable. Extremity exam reveals one plus edema in the ankles. There is no calf tenderness.

Assessment
The patient's presentation is most concerning for unstable angina, given her history of diabetes, high blood pressure, and reported chest pain. Further investigation is warranted to rule out coronary artery disease.

Plan
I am going to order aspirin daily, a baby aspirin, and nitroglycerin for use if chest pain persists. I will also order a hemoglobin a1c test and schedule a follow-up appointment in two weeks. I am going to start hydrochlorothiazide to help with blood pressure and edema. I will also recommend monitoring devices and encourage you to enter your blood pressure readings into Epic MyChart. I will refer you to cardiology for a stress test to evaluate your heart function. Please call 911 if you experience chest pain and do not improve with nitroglycerin.
