Chief Complaint
Acne on the face.

History of Present Illness
Kayla Ward presents for a new visit regarding acne that began approximately two years ago and is present most days. She has been using Persa-gel and washing regularly, which provides some relief. She reports no associated symptoms such as itching, bleeding, or pain. Her past medical history is unremarkable. She lives with her parents and sister and has a dog, bird, and bunnies. She is in 7th grade and plays basketball, volleyball, and tap. She uses SPF 30 sunscreen in the summer. Her family history is unremarkable. The patient reports that her acne flares with sweating, likely related to sports participation. She has been diligent with her facial care regimen, but feels it doesn't provide sufficient improvement. The patient uses Elf facial cleanser in the morning and an elf facial cleanser followed by Persa-gel in the evening.

Findings
A full exam was performed, excluding the undergarments and bra. Multiple benign nevi were noted on the trunk and extremities. Scattered skin-colored papules, open and closed comedones, and erythrema papules were observed on the face, primarily on the forehead and central cheeks and chin. The chest and back are relatively spared. The remainder of the examination is normal.

Assessment
The patient presents with mild to moderate acne, primarily comedonal with a small inflammatory component.

Plan
I would like to start with a topical therapy. Every morning, you will wash your face with a mild cleanser and apply a noncomedogenic moisturizer with SPF 30 or higher. In the evening, wash your face with the same cleanser and allow it to dry. Apply adapalene 0.1% cream to the areas where you generally get acne. Start using this a few nights a week and slowly work up to using it every night. If it is expensive or not covered by insurance, you can try different gel over the counter. You can follow that with clean and clear Persa-gel in a thin layer, or where you generally get acne. Then a noncomedogenic moisturizer. You will need to wear sunscreen when you are outside due to the retinoid. It may also cause some dryness or irritation. Order shoulder radiographs. Follow up in four weeks if symptoms persist. I will also schedule a physical therapy consultation.
