Chief Complaint
Bilateral hand numbness and tingling.

History of Present Illness
The patient reports experiencing bilateral hand numbness and tingling for several weeks, initially noticed after a car accident last December. She notes that the tingling and numbness worsened over the past month and is more pronounced in her right hand, particularly in the middle and ring fingers extending to the forearm. She reports mild neck stiffness following the accident and has been taking nerve pain medication intermittently. She denies significant pain, but reports weakness and dullness in her hands, especially with use. The symptoms are more pronounced at night and fluctuate throughout the day. She reports decreased sensitivity in her hands and a lack of sensation. She has a history of pre-diabetes, which she controlled through dietary changes.

Findings
Physical examination reveals diminished pin prick sensation in the third and fourth fingers of the right hand and the fourth and fifth fingers of the left hand. Reflexes are grade one plus bilaterally, grade two plus at the knees, and are symmetric. Tinel's signs are positive at both wrists and both elbows. The patient reports fatigue and weight gain, and reports excessive appetite and bloating. She also reports floaters, shortness of breath, and leg swelling.

Assessment
The patient's presentation is most consistent with bilateral carpal tunnel syndrome and possibly cubital tunnel syndrome. Given the history of trauma and the reported symptoms, further evaluation is warranted.

Plan
I will order an EMG and nerve conduction study to evaluate the extent of nerve involvement. I have scheduled this for next week. I will also discuss symptomatic injections or carpal tunnel release surgery with the patient if her symptoms do not resolve. I have instructed the patient to continue wearing her splints and will return for follow-up in four weeks if symptoms persist. I will continue the patient on carvedilol 25 mg twice daily and lexapro 10 mg daily. I have also referred the patient to a physical therapist for evaluation and treatment.
